Allow `QueryParameter::UnlockableByAddress` for more routes (#1397)
iotaledger/iota-sdk: sdk/CHANGELOG.md

## 1.1.1 - 2023-MM-DD

### Added

> - Added `QueryParameter::UnlockableByAddress` to allowed query paramaters for `Client::{alias_output_ids(), basic_output_ids(), nft_output_ids()}`;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `QueryParameter::UnlockableByAddress` to allowed query parameters for `Client::{alias_output_ids(), basic_output_ids(), nft_output_ids()}`;
```
